# letter_trie_1

@@ -10,7 +10,7 @@ The image above is an example of a small portion of a trie. To make it viewable
 
 My interactive version of a trie from the same 5,000 words is at https://bl.ocks.org/David-Thureson/raw/f9dd7ba0aab896ae893f31d6636a1870/. Click on a node to make that the root. The only way to go back is to refresh the browser window to start again.
 
-One use of such a trie is to play millions of rounds of a word game like Scrabble or Boggle. In either game there's a branching set of possible letter sequences given a set of seven tiles or sixteen dice. The trie allows one to work letter-by-letter through the possible sequences while stepping node-by-node through the trie at the same time. It may be possible to cut the process short without either running out of tiles/dice or reaching a leaf node in the trie. For instance, we may be tracking the best score reached so far and a given node could be annotated with the highest score that could possibly be reached in its subtree. If this highest possible score is less than or equal to the best score we've already found, there's no point in going into that subtree or (which is saying the same thing) in trying to add another tile or die to the word we've been forming.
+One use of such a trie is to play millions of rounds of a word game like Scrabble or Boggle. In either game there's a branching set of possible letter sequences given a set of seven tiles (and the current state of the Scrabble board) or sixteen dice. The trie allows one to work letter-by-letter through the possible sequences while stepping node-by-node through the trie at the same time. It may be possible to cut the process short without either running out of tiles/dice or reaching a leaf node in the trie. For instance, we may be tracking the best score reached so far and a given node could be annotated with the highest score that could possibly be reached in its subtree. If this highest possible score is less than or equal to the best score we've already found, there's no point in going into that subtree or (which is saying the same thing) in trying to add another tile or die to the word we've been forming.
 
 A trie of even half a million words in a given language (with probably fewer than 1.5 million nodes) is still going to be orders of magnitude smaller than the possible sequences of letters found in one throw of the Boggle dice. This means that even if we don't cut the search short because of the best possible score in a subtree, we're still in most cases going to run out of trie before we run out of sequences of dice.
